OCPBUGS-35361: Updated the wait-ip note for bm only (#77429)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ipi-install-modifying-install-config-for-dual-stack-network.adoc

- fd03::/112
----

ifndef::vsphere[]
[IMPORTANT]
====

> On a bare-metal platform, if you specified an NMState configuration in the `networkConfig` section of your `install-config.yaml` file, ensure you add `interfaces.wait-ip: ipv4+ipv6` to the NMState YAML file to resolve an issue that prevents your cluster from deploying on a dual-stack network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a bare-metal platform, if you specified an NMState configuration in the `networkConfig` section of your `install-config.yaml` file, add `interfaces.wait-ip: ipv4+ipv6` to the NMState YAML file. This  prevents your cluster from deploying on a dual-stack network.
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion, but I believe it removes unnecessary words as well as pointing out an "issue".
